Mention function-style cast shorthand in functions landing page (#4678)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/functions/README.md

Functions appear in [expression](../expressions.md) context and
take Zed values as arguments and produce a value as a result.

> A function-style syntax is also available for converting values to each of
> Zed's [primitive types](../../formats/zed.md#1-primitive-types), e.g.,
> `uint8()`, `time()`, etc. For details and examples, read about the
> [`cast` function](cast.md) and how it is [used in expressions](../expressions.md#casts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the built-in functions listed here, Zed supports [function-style casts](../expressions.md#casts) like `uint8(this)`.
```
